---
title: Crime
created: '2020-11-10T16:58:17.344541'
modified: '2020-12-04T19:17:14.337395'
state: active
type: dataset
tags:
  - Arson
  - Assault
  - Crime
  - District
  - Incidents
  - Maryland
  - Mdcoordinationcrime
  - Montgomery
  - Robberies
  - Theft
groups:
  - Local Government
csv_url: >-
  https://data.montgomerycountymd.gov/api/views/icn6-v9z3/rows.csv?accessType=DOWNLOAD
json_url: >-
  https://data.montgomerycountymd.gov/api/views/icn6-v9z3/rows.json?accessType=DOWNLOAD
layout: post

---
Updated daily postings on Montgomery County’s open data website, dataMontgomery, provide the public with direct access to crime statistic databases - including raw data and search functions – of reported County crime. The data presented is derived from reported crimes classified according to the National Incident-Based Reporting System (NIBRS) of the Criminal Justice Information Services (CJIS) Division Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program and documented by approved police incident reports. The data is compiled by “EJustice”, a respected law enforcement records-management system used by the Montgomery County Police Department and many other law enforcement agencies. To protect victims’ privacy, no names or other personal information are released. All data is refreshed on a quarterly basis to reflect any changes in status due to on-going police investigation. 

dataMontgomery allows the public to query the Montgomery County Police Department's database of founded crime. The information contained herein includes all founded crimes reported after July 1st 2016 and entered to-date utilizing Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) rules. Please note that under UCR rules multiple offenses may appear as part of a single founded reported incident, and each offense may have multiple victims. Please note that these crime reports are based on preliminary information supplied to the Police Department by the reporting parties. Therefore, the crime data available on this web page may reflect:

-Information not yet verified by further investigation
-Information that may include attempted and reported crime
-Preliminary crime classifications that may be changed at a later date based upon further investigation
-Information that may include mechanical or human error
-Arrest information [Note: all arrested persons are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.]

Update Frequency: Daily
